# TokuArchive
Archive of Toku unavailable on my Internet Archive page

Rentry is just a pastebin with more features

Everything is ad free and will continue to stay updated

**If you want to download the original files for yourself you can follow my guide with links to each season

https://rentry.co/TokuTVNyaaBatchGuide

# Kamen Rider

2024

-Kamen Rider Gavv Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/r3tcanfr

2023

-Kamen Rider Gotchard Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/4dy32vve

-Shin Kamen Rider Link
https://rentry.co/v796a8fi

2022

-Kamen Rider Outsiders Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/girqdzvh

-Kamen Rider Geats Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/cybdqw8b

2021

-Kamen Rider Revice Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/79cstexw

2020

-Kamen Rider Saber Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/kn4cohio

2019

-Kamen Rider Zero-One Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/kdkyxac8

2018

-Kamen Rider Zi-O Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/a4iugo8t

2017

-Kamen Rider Build Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/araqmq9z

2016

-Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/tkxzqdq6

-Kamen Rider Amazons Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/at97iooc

2015

-Kamen Rider Ghost Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/ewm2dv6y

2014

-Kamen Rider Drive Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/bv2rmunf

# Super Sentai

2025

-No.1 Sentai Gozyuger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/cn2dczvs

2024

-Bakuage Sentai BoonBoomger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/qz97fqgz

2023

-Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/u4d8vgum

2022

-Avatarou Sentai Donbrothers Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/vhtrym88

2021

-Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/46xibdmf

2020

-Mashin Sentai Kiramager Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/r85b5feq

2019

-Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/4yq872n9

-Super Sentai Saikyou Battle Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/sqzsgekw

2018

-Kaitou Sentai LupinRanger VS Keisatsu Sentai PatRanger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/4e9qx459

2017

-Uchuu Sentai KyuuRanger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/mupvwbqs

2016

-Doubutsu Sentai Jyuohger Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/gyrnf7mu

# Ultraman

1966

-Ultraman 1966
https://rentry.co/45z467va

1967

-Ulttraseven 1967
https://rentry.co/otoaob4u

1972

-Ultraman Ace Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/v4iz53qc

1973

-Ultraman Taro Full Season Link
https://rentry.co/iwwodqt7

misc

1982

-Batten Robomaru
https://rentry.co/frhd6fa4
